New dcind to replace original "taylorsilva/dcind" that does not work on concourse workers built on Ubuntu 22.04 (#87)
ONSdigital/dp-concourse-tools: dcind/README.md

Reviewer: As in, this now builds a container, once the container is built what are your steps for testing it is functioning correctly i.e. it actually runs docker containers within docker as expected

For examaple have you mounted any of our component tests into the container locally to see if they run?

# ONS version of taylorsilva/dcind

This image is used to run component tests in CI

Files were copied from: https://github.com/taylorsilva/dcind

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The upstream repo is no longer maintained.

They were then adjusted and updated such that the resulting image works for both:

  Ubuntu 22.04 and Ubuntu 20.04

to aid updating Concourse VM's from Ubuntu 20.04 to Ubuntu 22.04

> The versions of things specified in the files are the latest that can be used for this container to work on both Ubuntu 20.04 and Ubuntu 22.04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The versions of docker specified in the makefile `20.10.24` is the latest that can be used for this container to work on both Ubuntu 20.04 and Ubuntu 22.04. Do not change until we have migrated to 22.04 for all concourse workers.
```
